All right welcome back my students.
So we are going to be learning how to display data from our table here with age but this is going to
be a super super exciting lecture.
All right.
And I could say probably lectures because it's not going to be just one lecture is going to be a couple.
All right so let's learn how to do that first.
We need to actually for those of you that don't have this Colma right here and post data for these at
car forum at car call here for Jake where we make sure that you add that are there.
All right.
That's probably something that I took off and when I was playing around with this.
All right just make sure that you have that there.
So that way your other function can work properly this function right here.
All right.
All right so we are displaying data from our inventory and we are also adding data but we only displaying
data when we search here.
It would be nice to see all that data down here permanently.
So let's do that right now.
First thing that I want to do is actually create a div to hold that data.
So let's go down here and let's create another rule right here.
A new element.
And you def would a class of row.
All right.
Perfect.
And let's create a another div with a class of call at six.
All right.
And inside here let's create a table with a class of table just to make it look nice.
In bootstrap our right super simple to do.
So what else.
So now once we create this we need to create a d head for the table where TR actually TR and three actually
two.
Th.
All right so if you're wondering how I did it again I'm using Emett which is that the plug in for this
for many coeditors out there which allow you to actually write code a lot faster and have a free course
on that by the way called Emett.
So if you want to look at that it would help you reach the Molesey assess really fast.
So we're going to put the idea here on the first tee heading this is for the table heading and now we
are going to be actually creating the T body right here and the body is going to have the cold coming
from the BHB cold the right we agents.
So we're going to leave that like that.
And we're bringing that call in a minute.
Make sure let's put this put an idea here of car showing.
Show cars.
All right safe perfect.
So let's go up here and let's start writing our Jake where we.
Let's make sure that we know I'm going to pull my mouse over here because this tells me when this cold
ends and I end up with my mouse here and this tells me when this one ends.
So I just I could put a comment here and says at car function code not cart in that Codie function and
something like that.
All right.
I'm going to start writing my call right here.
So the first thing is to select this information that we need.
So I actually you know what we don't need to select anything.
I'm going to use that Ageod's this one here because in this code the I show you how to use this pose
function here from Jay Querrey on this one we going to go back to these agents because actually I like
it better.
All right.
So anyway we're going to open up our agents here.
And the first thing that we want to actually pass is the euro and we'll make a page that we haven't
made yet but we will.
It's going to be called display cars that BHP we've got to make the following a minute.
That's where are all our APHC call is going to be.
And then will you say you know what this is going to be type we can pull whatever type we want.
I'm just going to use post here portaloo coma and Hoopes right here.
And then the success and we'll make this a function of course Dye's going to take
it's going to bring some data.
Right.
Let's just put Show cartes right.
Perfect and we're going to see if
and I would say if not show cars
show cars that error right then we can display this information here.
That would be nice.
And what we're going to be doing is going to target that idea that we have down there which is car show
cars I believe that's cool down here and let's just copy it.
Show cars.
HD a male and we'll put in we'll put that data in there.
Right.
But now let's just put something here and see if it works.
Hello.
It works right.
Safe and let's actually I don't think actually we see the table where we are now getting data from here.
So let's just take this call.
All right.
Let's check in Speth element Bansal is saying that the server responding with start for a fourth course
because he's now finding that you are out.
So we need to make to you or else that's OK let's just think this code is really good right now.
So let's actually make that BHB page on that net lecture.
So make sure that you copy this down.
All right.
Let me just put this a little bit more condensed so that you can see it better and you can copy it.
So I see you in the next lecture.
Take care.